How to help ?
-------------
You can help us in numerious ways, like:

   + bug reporting
   + code contribution
   + translating
   + porting
   + packaging
   + chatting

Bug reporting
-------------
Bugs are inevitable, so filling a [new ticket](http://bugs.equinox-project.org) with detail description
what happened, means a lot for us. Please, in report put as much details as possible (like
CPU type, OS platform, X or gcc version, etc.). If you wan't to provide us with even more details, you
can rebuild package with debug support (usually *./configure --enable-debug*) and fire it under
debugger.

Code contribution
-----------------
If you are interested to do some work or to send us a patches, don't hesitate to ask. You don't have
to be a C++ guru or know FLTK or eFLTK to the guts. But, at least basic knowledge about this 
language and FLTK/eFLTK is required. For C++ you can find documentation on various places and for 
FLTK, official documentation will be ok (eFLTK is shaped on FLTK base, so knowing FLTK you already 
know the most part of eFLTK).

Translations
------------
Most of the code is translatable, so if you would like to maintain current translations, or to add
a new one for your language, feel free to do so. Mailing us about it (or leaving some message on
the forum) will suffice. 

But plese note: if you suddenly drop maintaining for that language, after some
time that translation will be removed because of code changes.

Porting
-------
Many people help us to port Equinox on various platforms, either with concrete work or with
suggestions. Althought Equinox runs on most popular platforms, we would like to see them more.
If you don't have a knowledge about programming or internals (or lack of time), we can cooperate
via mail/forum.

Packaging
---------
Althought there exists packages for some distributions, who would not like to see them more :-)
If you pack it, send us a note, so we can put on download page or link to yours.

Chatting
--------
You can join to our official channel, #ede at Freenode, and give us ideas what you would like
to see or to be fixed (or removed). If you note that channel is empty, please stay a while,
someone will come in.
